downstream video composit A video sourc , a display and a method of process multilay video are disclos . the video sourc decod a multilay video bit stream to transmit synchron stream of decompress video imag and correspond overlay imag to an interconnect display . the display receiv separ stream of video and overlay imag . transmiss and recept of correspond video and overlay imag is synchron in time . A video imag receiv in the display can be select process separ from it correspond overlay imag . the video imag as process at the display is later composit with it correspond overlay imag to form an output imag for display . display dci and other content on an enhanc dynam rang projector system and method of render dci-compli imag data on enhanc dynam rang ( edr ) display system are disclos . one embodi of an edr projector system compris a first modul and a second modul . one method for render dci-compli imag data on an edr projector system compris : receiv input imag data , said imag data compris a plural of imag format ; determin whether the input imag data compris dci imag data ; if the input imag data compris dci imag data , then perform dynam rang ( DR ) process on the dci imag data ; and render the dynam rang process dci imag data on the edr projector system . one DR process method is to set the first modul to a desir lumin level -- e.g. , fulli ON or a ratio of dci max lumin to the edr max lumin . In addit , a desir minimum level of lumin may be set for the edr projector . display dci and other content on an enhanc dynam rang projector system and method of render dci-compli imag data on enhanc dynam rang ( edr ) display system are disclos . one embodi of an edr projector system compris a first modul and a second modul . one method for render dci-compli imag data on an edr projector system compris : receiv input imag data , said imag data compris a plural of imag format ; determin whether the input imag data compris dci imag data ; if the input imag data compris dci imag data , then perform dynam rang ( DR ) process on the dci imag data ; and render the dynam rang process dci imag data on the edr projector system . one DR process method is to set the first modul to a desir lumin level -- e.g. , fulli ON or a ratio of dci max lumin to the edr max lumin . In addit , a desir minimum level of lumin may be set for the edr projector . display dci and other content on an enhanc dynam rang projector system and method of render dci-compli imag data on enhanc dynam rang ( edr ) display system are disclos . one embodi of an edr projector system compris a first modul and a second modul . one method for render dci-compli imag data on an edr projector system compris : receiv input imag data , said imag data compris a plural of imag format ; determin whether the input imag data compris dci imag data ; if the input imag data compris dci imag data , then perform dynam rang ( DR ) process on the dci imag data ; and render the dynam rang process dci imag data on the edr projector system . one DR process method is to set the first modul to a desir lumin level -- e.g. , fulli ON or a ratio of dci max lumin to the edr max lumin . In addit , a desir minimum level of lumin may be set for the edr projector . display dci and other content on an enhanc dynam rang projector system and method of render dci-compli imag data on enhanc dynam rang ( edr ) display system are disclos . one embodi of an edr projector system compris a first modul and a second modul . one method for render dci-compli imag data on an edr projector system compris : receiv input imag data , said imag data compris a plural of imag format ; determin whether the input imag data compris dci imag data ; if the input imag data compris dci imag data , then perform dynam rang ( DR ) process on the dci imag data ; and render the dynam rang process dci imag data on the edr projector system . one DR process method is to set the first modul to a desir lumin level -- e.g. , fulli ON or a ratio of dci max lumin to the edr max lumin . In addit , a desir minimum level of lumin may be set for the edr projector . display dci and other content on an enhanc dynam rang projector system and method of render dci-compli imag data on enhanc dynam rang ( edr ) display system are disclos . one embodi of an edr projector system compris a first modul and a second modul . one method for render dci-compli imag data on an edr projector system compris : receiv input imag data , said imag data compris a plural of imag format ; determin whether the input imag data compris dci imag data ; if the input imag data compris dci imag data , then perform dynam rang ( DR ) process on the dci imag data ; and render the dynam rang process dci imag data on the edr projector system . one DR process method is to set the first modul to a desir lumin level -- e.g. , fulli ON or a ratio of dci max lumin to the edr max lumin . In addit , a desir minimum level of lumin may be set for the edr projector . 